That's not possible.
It's just a bargain.
How could it be so powerful
What about women?
Zhao Ruolan's achievements are not only efficient self-help
Even your entire Fuso is beyond your reach
It is precisely because Zhao Ruolan's achievements are so outstanding
Broke human machinery
It's unlikely that anyone will surpass it even in the future
This is a miracle in the history of Olympic sports
So after the weightlifting program ended
Orville will discuss the weightlifting project
All competitors underwent blood draws
And it also appeared in the history of the Olympic Games
The first delay in breaking the record
It's when I drop everything.
Fly over as soon as possible
The reason for personally awarding the gold medal to Zhao Ruolan
Because of Zhao Ruolan
He deserves the income.
How many kilograms did Zhao Ruolan lift?
How can you receive such treatment?
I'm curious too.
I said this.
Zhao Ruolan's achievements
It can completely crush Takahashi Liquor